chore: add issue templates (#156)
fetchai/cosmpy: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: "🐛 Bug Report"
about: Report a reproducible bug or regression.
title: 'Bug: '
labels: ['unconfirmed', 'bug']

---

# Prerequisites

> Please answer the following questions before submitting an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please read and confirm the following before submitting an issue:
```

> Please answer the following questions for yourself before submitting an issue.

Reviewer 2: Change to "Please answer the following questions before submitting an issue"

Author: Fixed.

> - [ ] I am running the latest version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I am running the latest version.
```

- [ ] I checked the documentation and found no answer

> - [ ] I checked to make sure that this issue has not already been filed

Reviewer 2: Instead of 'filed' make it 'reported'

Author: Fixed.
